---
title: PYTHON 9
layout: post
author: aaryan.walia
permalink: /python-9/
source-id: 1cuA5GWob7PWItopZ_4EiAdkkjPIhi6pfi0DTynVy6DY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>PYTHON lesson 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To reach a total of 65%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed 1.1 and 1.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I have learnt pretty well overall in my time learning Python, work at home was excessively confusing as the course grew to be quite difficult, I had to skip a lot and see the solution as it was quite tough; I learnt from the solution though. When I did know what I was doing, I had to code over and over again as I kept on getting my answers incorrect. The Python course was extremely easy till I reached the 55% mark were work started getting harder and harder, I just had to concentrate more and press the solutions button on questions that I had no clue on. Strategies that were effective were to stay focused and help others. Use the solution button if it was absolutely compulsory to and if I was struggling with the work. However, I have found the Python course very fun and extremely interesting, you just have to persevere when you do the Python work; you will not get the answer correct to start of with.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Nothing had limited my learning over the Python courses; like I previously mentioned, I just have to focus and persevere through the work at hand, do not get frustrated (even though it can become frustrating!) as frustration gets you nowhere. Habits i need to work on is to have more perseverance and to actually read what the tasks say to get the gist of what to do. I also have to use the solutions button less, and, when I do use it, I have to learn from it by re-reading it and to grasp the concept as to where I have gone wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will change the fact that I overuse the solutions button and I have to show perseverance to get rid of my frustration; I shall stay focused. I will improve my learning by working at home as well as school and researching things that I do not know in Python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


